# Jive Jurn
Programmer Sasha is involved in creating the blog service Jiva Jag. It is planned that this service will provide much more features than the well-known LiveJournal. Currently, the problem is the implementation of all the basic features of LiveJournal. One of these features is the support of friends lists for users.
Given: a list of users who are friends of this user, and a list of users who have this user in the list of friends.
You need to get a list of friends of this user (Friends), a list of his mutual friends (Mutual Friends), and a list of those users who have this user in the list of friends, but who are not his mutual friends (Also Friend of).
The first line of the input file INPUT.TXT contains the number n (0 ≤ n ≤ 200) friends of this user. The next n lines each contain one username, which is a friend of the given. (n + 2) -th line contains the number m (0 ≤ m ≤ 200) users who have this list in the friends list. Next are the names of users who have this in the list of friends. These users are given in the same format as the friends of this one.
User names are strings from 1 to 20 characters in length, containing only lowercase English letters and dashes ("-"). Each user is listed no more than once in each of the lists.
The output file OUTPUT.TXT should display the friends list of this user (Friends), the list of his mutual friends (Mutual Friends), and the list of those users who have this user in the list of friends who are not his mutual friends (Also Friend of ). In each list, users must be sorted alphabetically. Follow the format given in the examples.
