# Subnet mask
Consider a computer network configured with TCP / IP routing. We will consider some of its modifications. Namely, in this network to find N subnets. Each subnet is characterized by its own mask. The subnet mask is 4 single-byte numbers separated by a dot. Moreover, the following property is fulfilled for masks: if the mask is represented in binary form, then first it will contain k ones, and then q zeros, and k + q = 32. For example, 255.255.255.0 is a subnet mask and 192.168.0.1 is not.
Let us explain how the binary representation of an IP address is obtained. For this, the numbers constituting the IP address are represented in binary numbering system (each of them is supplemented with leading zeros up to a length of 8 digits), after which points are deleted. The resulting 32-bit number is the binary representation of the IP address. For example, for the address 192.168.0.1, this process looks like this: 192.168.0.1 → 11000000.10101000.00000000.00000001 → 110000001010100000000000000001. Thus, the binary representation of the IP address 192.168.0.1 is 11000000101010000000000000000001.
We will say that two computers with IP1 and IP2 lie in the subnet if IP1 / \ Mask = IP2 / \ Mask, where Mask is the mask of this subnet, and / \ is the bitwise logical "and" operation. The computer's IP is also 4 single-byte numbers separated by a dot.
You are given M pairs of computer IP addresses. For each of them, you need to determine how many subnets of the given ones lie.
The first line of the input file INPUT.TXT contains the number N - the number of subnets. The following N lines list the masks of these subnets. The N + 2 line contains the number M (0 ≤ M ≤ 10000). The following M lines contain pairs of IP addresses, separated by a space.
For each pair of IP addresses in a separate line of the output OUTPUT.TXT file, print the number of subnets in which both computers lie.
